Awesome.
We have covered inline internal and external CSX.
However before we dive into the syntax and how we can create a syntax what are the rules for the syntax.
I would like to show you which one is more powerful.
So if you're looking at these three options it's gonna come important later on.
It's gonna basically matter a lot of times which one of them is more powerful.
Now let me show you what I mean by this.
First of all I'd like to clean up all of workspace a little bit.
I mean you don't have to do this but I'm gonna set it up basically the workspace how we all going to
use this.
So let me close.
First of all the tabs.
For now I would just like to have my next Schimmel.
I'm going to use the style C assess and I'm going to move them out of the C S this folder as well as
I'm going to delete the C as this folder so I'm not going to use it right now and I'm gonna get rid
of the about the email as well so I'm gonna be left with only index CML.
And here let's create the proper path.
So we're gonna have the style C assess and now this is gonna be my setup.
So as I'm looking at this right I have my head in one as well as having two and for now what.
You know what.
I can just deal with adding one because we're only gonna show you one example and then if I have my
styles with let's say color blue What do you think happens if I'm gonna create another one.
The internal C assess and again remember this was done by using the style sheets and let's say here
I'm gonna write that you know what.
Heading ones are gonna be different color.
I think one is gonna be let's say red.
So again let me write the proper syntax which we will cover learn in the next video and let's say a
color is gonna be red.
What do you think is going to happen.
This year I'm having having one with color blue but in my internal style sheet I am writing this has
color red.
Now I haven't saved it yet.
So nothing obviously is happening but what do you think is gonna happen once I say it using heading
one is going to be blue or red.
Now let's test it out.
Let me save this an interesting.
What's happening is my headings not blue but in fact they're red so I can see that the internal style
sheet is stronger than the external one because we are overwriting this.
Now let me tell you right away that we can use both of them.
So let's say if you would have some kind of styles here for having one but you would have different
styling here for having two.
You can do that.
It's not like against the law or anything like that.
However just remember that if you're going to have some kind of style here already for having one you
will going to override this.
So if you're selecting the same element for the same class or I.D. or whatever if you're having the
same selector and you already have this style property and value in your external success in the internal
one you're going to override.
Now see if I'm selecting the heading to and for having two I have no selections right now I have no
see ISIS rules in the external one it's obviously not going to matter.
So let's say font size is gonna be I don't know three arms then.
This is just going to affect it because I don't have any styles there but if I would have some different
stuff here it will gonna get overwritten and that's something important.
Now we also have the inline six as I remember.
So what about if we go to one of the heading ones and obviously this is gonna work the same on all of
them but I'm not going to show you the way we do it in all of them because there's just a waste of time.
So let's just look at the first one and heroes again change the color and let's use the green one.
Now what do you think is going to happen right now.
So let's save this and let's see.
Mm hmm interesting.
So we have the external one that had a color blue.
Then we use the internal one and we basically said you know what.
No it's gonna be red.
And then last but not least we have the inline one which pretty much override both of them.
And now we have the color green.
So what you need to remember is that the inline one is gonna be the most strongest one.
So whatever you're gonna write here within in line he is going to overwrite everything that you have
with an internal or external.
The same way with internal you will going to override the external one.
And again this is gonna save you a lot of time when you're looking for some kind of bugs is to remember
that in line one would be the most powerful one.
Then we have the internal one and only then we have the external.